https://github.com/frostzt/weeee/blob/master/frontend/pages/index.tsx

{/\* <script> window.fbAsyncInit = function() { FB.init({ appId :
'{your-app-id}', cookie : true, xfbml : true, version : '{api-version}' });   
 FB.AppEvents.logPageView();  
  
 };

(function(d, s, id){ var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if
(d.getElementById(id)) {return;} js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src =
"https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js"; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,
fjs); }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); </script> \*/}

/\* The first step when loading your web page is figuring out if a person is
already logged into your app with Facebook login. You start that process with a
call to FB.getLoginStatus. That function will trigger a call to Facebook to get
the login status and call your callback function with the results. Taken from
the sample code above, here's some of the code that's run during page load to
check a person's login status: FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
statusChangeCallback(response); }); Copy Code The response object that's
provided to your callback contains a number of fields: { status: 'connected',
authResponse: { accessToken: '...', expiresIn:'...', signedRequest:'...',
userID:'...' } } Copy Code status specifies the login status of the person using
the app. The status can be one of the following: connected - the person is
logged into Facebook, and has logged into your app. not_authorized - the person
is logged into Facebook, but has not logged into your app. unknown - the person
is not logged into Facebook, so you don't know if they've logged into your app
or FB.logout() was called before and therefore, it cannot connect to Facebook.
authResponse is included if the status is connected and is made up of the
following: accessToken - contains an access token for the person using the app.
expiresIn - indicates the UNIX time when the token expires and needs to be
renewed. signedRequest - a signed parameter that contains information about the
person using the app. userID - the ID of the person using the app. Once your app
knows the login status of the person using it, it can do one of the following:
If the person is logged into Facebook and your app, redirect them to your app's
logged in experience. If the person isn't logged into your app, or isn't logged
into Facebook, prompt them with the Login dialog with FB.login() or show them
the Login Button.

\*/
